if you went out and asked the average
person who you know lives a productive
fulfilling life outside of the internet
and in the real world what they thought
about 4chan they'd probably describe it
as some kind of online hive of villainy
filled to the brim with hackers and bad
words the emboldened 'is worst elements
terrorize errs of many a van and public
pool but the truth is as far back as you
can go fortune has always had a little
bit of a soft underbelly and this soft
underbelly often manifested itself as a
love of cats and God help anybody who
did anything bad to cats so for this
episode of tales from the internet I
present to you the story of the cat
abuser can he Glen
[Music]
this episode is sponsored by skill share
skills share is an online learning
community with over 25,000 classes on
design business and more over the past
few months I've been trying to up my
editing game so I've been taking Jordy
Vanda puts class learn Adobe After
Effects CC 2019 for beginners premium
membership to skill share gives you
unlimited access so you can take all the
classes you like and join communities of
like-minded people to stay motivate and
help each other out and skill share has
a variety of courses that can fit your
needs whether you're a professional or
you're just doing this for fun right now
skill share is giving away a free two
month unlimited access trial to my
subscribers who click the link in the
description after that it's only about
ten bucks a month I want to talk a bit
about an old tradition on 4chan a little
something called Caturday
what was Caturday exactly well when
saturday came around you went to fortune
and you posted cats oftentimes with bold
white impact font text pretty simple
right and then you know it spreads to
that shitty [__] bald cat site which
is basically oldest re-uploaded 4chan
content and you got friends coming to be
like hey dude you gotta check out this
lolcat stuff it's so random and then you
have I Can Has Cheezburger which comes
around and completes the gentrification
of Caturday but you know what this it
wasn't a hill worth dying on twelve
years ago I'm not I'm not gonna get hung
up on that right now
back to the point 4chan like cats
because who doesn't like cats it was on
February 15th of 2009 when for Chan's
affinity for cats was put to the test
when two videos were uploaded to a
YouTube channel named Glenn's spam one
I'm not going to show you the full
videos but I will describe what happened
in them the videos depict a kid in
pajamas and a balaclava going by the
name Timmy and he's holding a little
gray cat while being recorded by another
kid he announces that he's going to be
going into his laboratory once he's in
his laboratory the kid Timmy grabs the
cat named dusty and repeatedly slams him
against the wall and in the other video
Timmy repeatedly sprays dusty with an
unknown liquid the videos find their way
onto B quickly after
uploded where people immediately spring
into action trying to figure out who
this kid is
looking through the comments of one of
the youtube videos the name Mike Glennon
emerges this leads people to find a
person named Mike Glennon upstate New
York and Mike Glen of upstate New Rock
wickley begins receiving threatening
messages however Mike Glen turned out to
be a false lead the harassment got so
bad that eventually the local police
department had to contact the news to
release a statement that Mike Glenn had
absolutely nothing to do with these
videos and for a while it seemed like
this investigation might have just been
a dead end because there was so little
that could be found from that YouTube
channel but a little bit more digging
led people to another Glen spam one
account not on YouTube but on a site
called the Haiti Wow comm and the Glen
spam one accounts on 80 wild calm had a
little bit more information namely the
zip code 7 3 505 Lawton Oklahoma but
that still only gives so much
information right I mean Lawton Oklahoma
has a population of nearly ninety four
thousand people what are you gonna do
just go up and knock on every single
door but a few users had a theory that
Glen from Glen spam one was perhaps
Timmy's last name so he started
searching around on Facebook for the
perpetrator and after a little bit of
digging they found someone not Timmy
Glen but a person named Kenny Glen but
considering how badly things went with
the Mike Glen lead we needed absolute
confirmation that this was the kid how
could such a confirmation be achieved by
comparing frames from the video to
pictures on the Facebook page and by
comparing of the green carpet the woods
skirting the yellow wall and the musical
instruments in the background
positive identification was achieved the
Kenny Glen found on Facebook was in fact
Timmy from the video and once the
identity of Kenny Glen was discovered
4chan users began to pose
pictures of themselves and their cats
with threats to Kenny Len and other
sites began to get in on it
Digg reddit Facebook groups the websites
Kenny Glen command never forget dusty
calm were created to follow the story
and mobilize people against Kenny Glen
other people began to dig and found
increasingly identifying information
about Kenny including his myspace
profile old racist YouTube comments
his parents memes their phone numbers
the names of their businesses and their
home address and home phone number
with the phone number of course people
began to call and the first person who
got through got Kenny Glen's mother on
the line after getting on the phone with
Kenny Glen's mother and explaining what
her son has done she said that this was
unacceptable and he would face immediate
punishment this punishment would take
the form of having his bike taken away
not exactly a satisfactory outcome
unsatisfied people start having pizzas
delivered to their house signing them up
for magazine descriptions and oh yeah
that did call the cops but the thing is
when the cops got involved they were
given the wrong address so after that
they started to ignore anymore
correspondence about the cat see the
pizzas the pizzas made their way to the
right address but the police wrong
address thankfully however the local
news also got involved who contacted the
police once again this time they gave
the police the right address and the
next day KSW news of law in Oklahoma
reported this Comanche County two
teenage brothers accused of beating a
cat will meet Tuesday with investigators
and the Comanche County District
Attorney the courthouse was closed
Monday for Presidents Day but Comanche
County Sheriff Kenny straggly said the
teens will face charges of animal
cruelty from district attorney Robert
Schultz office straggly says the teens
uploaded a video to YouTube that shows
one of the being a cat named dusty while
his brother ran the camera 7 News called
sheriff's straggly Sunday afternoon to
find out if he was investigating the
incident and he said he had not heard
about it he came to the 7:00 news
station and watched the video within
hours his team identified thus us
and met with their parents Strad Li says
they are furthering their investigation
to see if the two brothers abused other
animals in addition to dusty 7 News
discovered proof this wasn't the first
time they abused the cat the local
sheriff then released another statement
update sheriff straggly of law in
Oklahoma said the horrifying day may be
over for the cat but is just getting
started for its abusers we'll put it
together and take it to the DA it will
be up to the DA whether or not he files
charges or not our job is to put the
investigation together as a case and
take it to the DA and that's what we'll
do straddle II says the team's
responsible were released to their
parents by the DA and they and their
lawyer will meet with investigators to
determine their fate on Tuesday dusty
the cat is alive and was taken to a
veterinarian where it will mean until
the investigation is complete and during
their investigation it was found that
there is actually another video this
time with the Glenn brothers abusing a
black and white cat both cats were taken
into custody and was said that they
would not be returned to the Glenn's
home and a lot of people were really
eager to find out about dusty status
probably him to contact the veterinarian
but the veterinaria started to get
flooded prompting KSW news to send a
letter to never forget dusty calm the
sheriff is a bit worried about a lot of
phone calls being made to the vet he's
concerned about overloading the office
that's trying to help kitty Dusty's in
the care of private vet
don't know who and the sheriff's not
saying please tell everyone to keep
checking and the second we have video
it'll be up we're all quite excited
about helping get information up quickly
I also noticed that some folks were
concerned about the station not covering
the racially-charged stuff - but the
focus of the story was dusty I
appreciate you keeping everything posted
and updated it's hard work I know it
seems as if everyone scratched
everyone's back in this case of abuse
tubes the news authorities as you must
imagine I'm online all day and if I see
something in our area dramatic like this
I'm all over it
credit for the coverage on the news
should go to our weekend crew who had
they not made the call the video may not
have made it up until Monday everyone
saved dusty the cat and I'm proud of us
all you all are great
but the good fight we love dusty - so
what wound up being the fate of the cat
abuser Kenny Glen a few days later never
forget dusty calm received this
anonymous tip Jan Stratton is the
director of news at k SW o the local
news channel which is updating all the
others except they haven't bothered
funny that because in small-town lon
home to the Glenn's Jen Stratton is
married Judge William Hillstrand and
they and their little circle of legal
and business types just happen to be
best friends with yes you guessed it the
Glenn's I think this needs to be out
there there isn't going to be justice
for dusty they're just waiting for it to
quiet and down and give the boys a slap
on the wrist by which time it will be
too late to do anything
the Glenn's have a lot of power and
about a year later the owner of Kenny
Glen calm received another update update
January 12 2010 we have just received
this troubling piece of information from
a trustworthy local source my name is
Ramu
I live in Lawton Oklahoma and I have
first-hand knowledge of the fact that
the two cats being abused in that video
have not gone anywhere but back home to
his abuser I know for a fact that the
Glens and sheriff straggly are best
buddies I have witnessed Kenny
Christopher Glen telling the sheriff
that I'll see you when you come over to
the house later nobody has been punished
the cats are still where'd that came
from in the first place for personal
reasons I can't give you more info than
that I am just letting you know that
absolutely nothing has happened to the
animal abuse the media ordeal was all a
big show to make the public think that
the abuser got punished clearly this was
an outcome that wasn't satisfactory to
most of the people following this story
what are you gonna do
well a few people came up with the idea
of going after his father's oil company
how you can help
seeing how Kenny Christopher Glen is
currently escaping any punishment a
concerned reader of our website sent us
this email outlining a way for ordinary
people
health bringing to justice I have an
observation see few who have so far
noticed the way to permanently punish
him would be by punishing his daddy's
oil company why and how are two
questions that come to mind so let me
elaborate why well forget the rumors
that Ken's Pappy Moore was described
online as allegedly an abusive arrogant
racist supposedly involved in shady
business practices and corruption those
are rumors they may or may not be true
but if the company has hurt financially
then Pappy may decide that there is
enough money to buy Kenny a new dirt
bike TV car especially if it's made
clear that the kenny fallout is the
reason for this financial hurts and
unhappy Pappy mark will definitely make
it clear to Kenny that he's not a happy
camper essentially I guess the idea was
to make his father so mad that he beats
him how well for starters just last year
the company Glen oil got a 10 million
dollar contract with the US government
so one way would be to read the online
documents that mention it mark even has
a leaflet online where he boasts about
one of his big contracts find the
contact info for the companies and
especially the government institutions
that let mark make money and send them
information to their managers their PR
departments the local media the local
congressmen simply and politely ask them
if they believe it is the right choice
to do their business with a company with
such bad press whose name is now almost
automatically associated with animal
torture especially in such competitive
times of mad economy when many more
deserving companies are ready to make
better offers than Mark's company mail
the directors in the government
institution that have the oil contracts
with mark lengths phone the local
congressman asking them if it's
advisable for taxpayer support companies
to give their money to tarnished firms
and form your local media
send the information to the private
companies that have contracts with Pappy
marque in fact if you know any companies
likely to have oil gasoline etc related
contracts especially in Oklahoma mail
them in advance just in case Pappy mark
tries to do business with them
just remember politeness facts
information punish Kenny through the
Pappy's wallet this is probably the most
2009 attempts at internet activism that
I've ever seen and I'm pretty sure it
didn't actually have much in effect I've
kind of doubt that anyone even said
anything to these companies and as far
as I could tell when oil is still doing
well but that still doesn't answer the
question of what actually did happen -
Kenny gland and honestly I can't give
you a 100% verified answer however in
2016 a reddit user emerged claiming to
be Kenny Glen the first thing the
account did was respond to a thread
discussing the idea of preventatively
detaining animal abusers due to their
likeliness of eventually becoming serial
killers
Kenny Glen here still haven't killed
anyone but I'll keep you posted a few
months later he would go on to do an AMA
Kenny Glen here AMA eight years ago I
did something horrific but there are
many misconceptions about what actually
happened and who I am that I would like
to clear up and one of the top-rated
responses simply asking him to explain
himself I'm gonna put it out there and
say as a massive cat fan it upsets me to
think about what happened but at the
same time you have balls coming on here
why what I did was wrong I made a
mistake but my life should not be
defined by it that is not who I am
I am here to clear any misconceptions
about me and somehow show that I am NOT
a monster dude I admire you taking the
hit for what you did and still putting
yourself out there that takes guts and
it's a measure of how much of a decent
human you can be by what I'm going to
assume is a barrage of questions soon
enough though my life should not be
defined by it is a difficult one these
days it's on the net and it will be for
a long time to come I think that saying
from years ago doesn't work
today's world fun facts not reported and
misconceptions I did not hurt dusty it
was all for show but nonetheless abuse
however I overdramatized my slaps yelled
and turned the shower on to make him
meow the bottle I sprayed him with was
nothing but water - a spray bottle for
my dumb emo hair back then soon after
the event we took him to the vet where
they said he was perfectly healthy and
one happy feline the cat was not taken
from us I adopted him out I was not
arrested for animal abuse I was charged
with public outrage my parents did not
pay for my fines I worked and paid for
all my fines fees and my lawyer
thousands of dollars I also did 100 plus
community service hours and volunteered
at the local Animal Clinic for over a
year what happened in your point of view
bored stupid teenager trying to get a
reaction from people what happened is
what happened and I am dumb for it and
regret it to this day and it should be
reiterated that this account was never
verified so we don't know that it was
actually Kenny Glen but I do think it's
very likely that this is the true
outcome of what happened to him
oh and he did make one other post from
the account today I learned you can
purchase human leather products take
that for what you will and thus
concludes the story of the cat abuser
caning Glen if you like this video
you'll probably also like my video about
the internet vs. Scientology I'm out of
here
[Music]
[Applause]